Niamh25/DOC-5334/CSDE-branchname (#1551)
corda/corda-docs-portal: content/en/platform/corda/5.0/developing-applications/getting-started/installing/_index.md

> 2. Change to the new folder and checkout the Beta 4 branch:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Change to the new folder and checkout the 5.0 branch:
```
